0x0D. SQL - Introduction
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Learning Objectives: What’s a database What’s a relational database What does SQL stand for What’s MySQL How to create a database in MySQL What does DDL and DML stand for How to CREATE or ALTER a table How to SELECT data from a table How to INSERT, UPDATE or DELETE data What are subqueries How to use MySQL functions
Tasks
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
0. List databases: A script that lists all databases of your MySQL server. Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0D-SQL_introduction File: 0-list_databases.sql
1. Create a database: A script that creates the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0D-SQL_introduction File: 1-create_database_if_missing.sql
2. Delete a database: A script that deletes the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0D-SQL_introduction File: 2-remove_database.sql
3. List tables: A script that lists all the tables of a database in your MySQL server. Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0D-SQL_introduction File: 3-list_tables.sql
4. First table: A script that creates a table called first_table in the current database in your MySQL server. Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0D-SQL_introduction File: 4-first_table.sql
5. Full description: A script that prints the full description of the table first_table from the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0D-SQL_introduction File: 6-list_values.sql   
7. First add: Write a script that inserts a new row in the table first_table (database hbtn_0c_0) in your MySQL server. Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0D-SQL_introduction File: 7-insert_value.sql
8. Count 89: A script that displays the number of records with id = 89 in the table first_table of the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0D-SQL_introduction File: 8-count_89.sql 
9. Full creation: A script that creates a table second_table in the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server and add multiples rows. Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0D-SQL_introduction File: 9-full_creation.sql
10. List by best: A script that lists all records of the table second_table of the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0D-SQL_introduction File: 10-top_score.sql  
11. Select the best: Write a script that lists all records with a score >= 10 in the table second_table of the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0D-SQL_introduction File: 11-best_score.sql
12. Cheating is bad: A script that updates the score of Bob to 10 in the table second_table.Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0D-SQL_introduction File: 12-no_cheating.sql 
13. Score too low: A script that removes all records with a score <= 5 in the table second_table of the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0D-SQL_introduction File: 13-change_class.sql
14. Average: A script that computes the score average of all records in the table second_table of the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0D-SQL_introduction File: 14-average.sql
15. Number by score: A script that lists the number of records with the same score in the table second_table of the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0D-SQL_introduction File: 15-groups.sql
16. Say my name: A script that lists all records of the table second_table of the database hbtn_0c_0 in your MySQL server. Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0D-SQL_introduction File: 16-no_link.sql
17. In UTF8: A script that converts hbtn_0c_0 database to UTF8 (utf8mb4, collate utf8mb4_unicode_ci) in your MySQL server. Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0D-SQL_introduction File: 100-move_to_utf8.sql
18. Temperatures #0: A script that displays the average temperature (Fahrenheit) by city ordered by temperature (descending). Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0D-SQL_introduction File: 101-avg_temperatures.sql
19. Temperatures #1: A script that displays the top 3 of cities temperature during July and August ordered by temperature (descending) Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0D-SQL_introduction File: 102-top_city.sql
20. Temperatures #2: A script that displays the max temperature of each state (ordered by State name). Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0D-SQL_introduction  File: 103-max_state.sql
