0x0F. Python - Object-relational mapping
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Learning Objectives: Why Python programming is awesome, How to connect to a MySQL database from a Python script, How to SELECT rows ina MySQL table from a Python script, How to INSERT rows in a MySQL table from a Python script, What ORM means, How to map a Python Class to a MySQL table

General Requirements: Allowed editors: vi, vim, emacs, All files are interpreted/compiled, Files are executed with MySQLdb, Files are executed with SQLAlchemy, All files should end with a new line The first line of all files should be exactly #!/usr/bin/python3, A README.md file, at the root of the folder of the project, Code should use the pycodestyle, All files must be executable, The length of files will be tested using wc, All modules should have a documentation (python3 -c 'print(__import__("my_module").__doc__)') All classe should have a documentation (python3 -c 'print(__import__("my_module").MyClass.__doc__)') All functions (inside and outside a class) should have a documentation (python3 -c 'print(__import__("my_module").my_function.__doc__)' and python3 -c 'print(__import__("my_module").MyClass.my_function.__doc__)'), Not allowed to use execute with sqlalchemy

Tasks
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
0. Get all states: A script that lists all states from the database hbtn_0e_0_usa: Script takes 3 arguments: mysql username, mysql password and database name, Use the module MySQLdb (import MySQLdb), Script connects to a MySQL server running on localhost at port 3306 Results must be sorted in ascending order by states.id, Code should not be executed when imported, No test cases needed
Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0F-python-object_relational_mapping File: 0-select_states.py
1. Filter states: A script that lists all states with a name starting with N (upper N) from the database hbtn_0e_0_usa: script takes arguments: mysql username, mysql password and database name, use the module MySQLdb (import MySQLdb), script should connect to a MySQL server running on localhost at port 3306, Results are sorted in ascending order by states.id, Results are displayed as they are in th example below, code are not executed when imported, No test cases needed
Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0F-python-object_relational_mapping File: 1-filter_states.py 
2. Filter states by user input: a script that takes in an argument and displays all values in the states table of hbtn_0e_0_usa where name matches the argument. Script takes 4 arguments: mysql username, mysql password, database name and state name searched, use the module MySQLdb, script connects to a MySQL server running on localhost at port 3306, use format to create the SQL query with the user input, Results are sorted in ascending order by states.id, Code are not executed when imported, No test cases needed
Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0F-python-object_relational_mapping File: 2-my_filter_states.py
3. SQL Injection: A script that takes in arguments and displays all values in the states table of hbtn_0e_0_usa where name matches th argument and that is safe from MySQL injections! Script takes 4 arguments: mysql username, mysql password, database name and stat name searched, use the module MySQLdb, script connects to a MySQL server running on localhost at port 3306, Results are sorted in ascending order by states.id, Code should not be executed when imported, No test cases needed
Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0F-python-object_relational_mapping File: 3-my_safe_filter_states.p
y
4. Cities by states: A script that lists all cities from the database hbtn_0e_4_usa, script takes 3 arguments: mysql username, mysql password and database name, use the module MySQLdb, script should connects to a MySQL server running on localhost at port 3306, results are sorted in ascending order by cities.id,  use only execute() once, code is not executed when imported, no test cases needed
Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0F-python-object_relational_mapping File: 4-cities_by_state.py
  
5. All cities by state: A script that takes in the name of a state as an argument and lists all cities of that state, using the database hbtn_0e_4_usa, script takes 4 arguments: mysql username, mysql password, database name and state name (SQL injection free!), use the module MySQLdb, script should connect to a MySQL server running on localhost at port 3306, results are sorted in ascending order by cities.id, use only execute() once, code is not executed when imported, no test cases needed
Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0F-python-object_relational_mapping File: 5-filter_cities.py
6. First state model: A python file that contains the class definition of a State and an instance Base = declarative_base(): State class: inherits from Base Tips, links to the MySQL table states, class attribute id that represents a column of an auto-generated, unique integer, can’t be null and is a primary key, class attribute name that represents a column of a string with maximum 128 characters and can’t be null, use the module SQLAlchemy, script connects to a MySQL server running on localhost at port 3306, no test cases needed
Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0F-python-object_relational_mapping File: model_state.py  
7. All states via SQLAlchemy: A script that lists all State objects from the database hbtn_0e_6_usa, script takes 3 arguments: mysql username, mysql password and database name, use the module SQLAlchemy, import State and Base from model_state - from model_state import Base, State. Script should connect to a MySQL server running on localhost at port 3306. Results are sorted in ascending order by states.id, Code should not be executed when imported. No test cases needed
Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0F-python-object_relational_mapping File: 7-model_state_fetch_all.py
8. First state: A script that prints the first State object from the database hbtn_0e_6_usa, script should take 3 arguments: mysql username, mysql password and database name, use the module SQLAlchemy, import State and Base from model_state - from model_state import Base, State. Script connects to a MySQL server running on localhost at port 3306. The state display is the first in states.id, not allowed to fetch all states from the database before displaying the result, when the table states is empty, print Nothing followed by a new line, code is executed when imported, No test cases needed
Repo:GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0F-python-object_relational_mapping File: 8-model_state_fetch_first.py
9. Contains `a`: A script that lists all State objects that contain the letter a from the database hbtn_0e_6_usa, script takes 3 arguments: mysql username, mysql password and database name, use the module SQLAlchemy, import State and Base from model_state - from model_state import Base, State. Script connects to a MySQL server running on localhost at port 3306. Results are sorted in ascending order by states.id, code is not executed when imported, No test cases needed
Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0F-python-object_relational_mapping File: 9-model_state_filter_a.py
10. Get a state: A script that prints the State object with the name passed as argument from the database hbtn_0e_6_usa, qscript takes4 arguments: mysql username, mysql password, database name and state name to search (SQL injection free), use the module SQLAlchemy, import State and Base from model_state - from model_state import Base, State, script connects to a MySQL server running on localhost atport 3306, can assume that you have one record with the state name to search. Results display the states.id, search for, display Not found, when no state has the name   code is not executed when imported No test cases needed
Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0F-python-object_relational_mapping File: 10-model_state_my_get.py
11. Add a new state: A script that adds the State object “Louisiana” to the database hbtn_0e_6_usa, script takes 3 arguments: mysql username, mysql password and database name, use the module SQLAlchemy, import State and Base from model_state - from model_state import Base, State. Script connects to a MySQL server running on localhost at port 3306. Print the new states.id after creation. Code should not be executed when imported. No test cases needed
Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0F-python-object_relational_mapping File: 11-model_state_insert.py 
12. Update a state: A script that changes the name of a State object from the database hbtn_0e_6_usa, Script should take 3 arguments: mysql username, mysql password and database name, use the module SQLAlchemy, import State and Base from model_state - from model_stateimport Base, State. Script connects to a MySQL server running on localhost at port 3306, Change the name of the State where id = 2 to New Mexico. Code is not executed when imported. No test cases needed
Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0F-python-object_relational_mapping File: 12-model_state_update_id_2.py
13. Delete states: A script that deletes all State objects with a name containing the letter a from the database hbtn_0e_6_usa, scriptshould take 3 arguments: mysql username, mysql password and database name, use the module SQLAlchemy, import State and Base from model_state - from model_state import Base, State. Script should connect to a MySQL server running on localhost at port 3306. Code should not be executed when imported. No test cases needed
Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0F-python-object_relational_mapping File: 13-model_state_delete_a.py
14. Cities in state: A Python file similar to model_state.py named model_city.py that contains the class definition of a City. (City class: inherits from Base (imported from model_state), links to the MySQL table cities class attribute id that represents a column of an auto-generated, unique integer, can’t be null and is a primary key class attribute name that represents a column of a string of 128 characters and can’t be null, class attribute state_id that represents a column of an integer, can’t be null and is a foreign key to states.id). A script 14-model_city_fetch_by_state.py that prints all City objects from the database hbtn_0e_14_usa: script takes 3 arguments: mysql username, mysql password and database name, use the module SQLAlchemy, import State and Base from model_state - from model_state import Base, State. Script connects to a MySQL server running on localhost at port 3306. Results are sorted in ascending orderby cities.id Code should not be executed when imported,No test cases needed
Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0F-python-object_relational_mapping File: model_city.py, 14-modity_fetch_by_state.py
15. City relationship: Improve the files model_city.py and model_state.py, and save them as relationship_city.py and relationship_state.py: City class: No change State class: (the class attribute cities must represent a relationship with the class City. If the State object is deleted, all linked City objects must be automatically deleted. Also, the reference from a City object to his State should benamed state). A script that creates the State “California” with the City “San Francisco” from the database hbtn_0e_100_usa: (100-relationship_states_cities.py). Script takes 3 arguments: mysql username, mysql password and database name, use the module SQLAlchemy, script connects to a MySQL server running on localhost at port 3306, use the cities relationship for all State objects. Code is not be executed when imported. No test cases needed
Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0F-python-object_relational_mapping File: relationship_city.py, relationship_state.py, 100-relationship_states_cities.py
16. List relationship: A script that lists all State objects, and corresponding City objects, contained in the database hbtn_0e_101_usa, script takes 3 arguments: mysql username, mysql password and database name, use the module SQLAlchemy, connection to the MySQL server must be to localhost on port 3306, only use one query to the database, use the cities relationship for all State objects. Results must be sorted in ascending order by states.id and cities.id. Ccode should not be executed when imported. No test cases needed
Repo: GitHub repository: alx-higher_level_programming Directory: 0x0F-python-object_relational_mapping File: 102-relationship_cities_states_list.py234678
